Special abilities v2, mostly Flak (#4)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/dauntless.adoc

= Dauntless

> Some troops are so disciplined that they never flinch when facing the enemy -- such as the Dark Angels Deathwing, or Tyranid Swarms with Synapse Creatures.

Author: Should the examples be removed here as well?

Reviewer: Yes, I think that would be better. However, some details:

1. I'd like to remove the construction that leads to an avoidable -ing word.
2. Units might be Dauntless because of innate properties of some kind, not just training.

```suggestion
Some troops are so disciplined or relentless that they never flinch in the face of the enemy.

NOTE:  In comparison to _Epic 40,000_, we've separated this ability from parts of the Dark Angels Deathwing and Tyranid Synapse Creatures rules.
```

Author: Suggestion added to commit batch.

---

> Apply these rules to detachments with the {dauntless} ability:
> 
> * The detachment automatically passes all Leadership tests.

Reviewer: To follow through on the separation I try to keep between in-universe stuff and player agency, and to work in active case/second person: 
```suggestion
Where your detachment has the {dauntless} ability:

* You automatically pass any Leadership test that you are required to make for this detachment.
```
